Kobayashi-san?
As an athlete sponsored by the state
You don't just carry the expectations of your family
Also burdened with the country
And the expectations of the whole country for you
What about you?
The glory gained is not just personal
Also national
I hope you.
Always maintain a love and original intention for sports
Able to persevere
Strive for greater glory for yourself and your country
Setting new records all the way
Become a new generation of legends
Jianguo, you father and daughter are both good
Our neighboring village is proud of you
Jianguo I asked
Is it the pride of our family?
After the founding of the country
You father and daughter are the benchmark for our whole village
We're very proud of you.
Xiaozhi
I'm going to ask you to speak for everybody.